<WayfaringMan> Orpheon maybe something like Tongtrul.  It's not exactly perfect Tibetan as such, but it's understandable, consistent with Tibetan naming and abbreviation conventions, and makes a pun.
<WayfaringMan> In Tibetan you abbreviate four syllables to two by dropping the second syllable of each word, so you get "Tongpai Trulpa" or "Tongpai Trulcha" which both would abbreviate to "Tongtrul"
<WayfaringMan> The first means "Emanation of Emptiness" and the second means "Robot of Emptiness"
<WayfaringMan> That references the Zenyatta character's own reference to the concept of Sunyata, which is Tongpa in Tibetan.
<WayfaringMan> "Pass into the Iris" would be "Ja-chi-la dro" which is kind of literally "Go in the iris."  If it's respectful you might say instead "Ja-chi-la pep-sho" which is like an invitation, so that is probably most appropriate.  Kind of "Come into the iris please."  Makes sense for the character.
<WayfaringMan> "Experience tranquility" could be something like "Shi-wa denpar gyur chik" which is a sort of allusion to a prayer, actually.  "semchen thamche dewa dang dewai gyu dang denpar gyur chik" means "may all sentient beings experience happiness and the causes of happiness."  In fact exactly the line from the prayer would be a good reference generally.
<WayfaringMan> Straight up "semchen thamche dewa dang dewai gyu dang denpar gyur chig" is instantly recognizable and beautiful literary Tibetan, and it's something that Buddhists chant all the time and is consistent with the general idea of the action.  Yeah I do not know which you need, I haven't been able to watch the vids yet, in bed.  But those are options for saying that kind of thing.





Note: This is really random brainstorming from a gg2s call.
It is actually rather improbable that any of this is getting into the game, but for archive's sake I'm keeping it here for now.
Don't take it too seriously.


"My dragon is bigger than yours" -Hanzo
"Unleash the dragon!" -Hanzo
"Who let the dragons out?" -Hanzo

"Position Acquired" -Soldier: 76
"I'm going in dry!" -Soldier: 76

"Let her rip!" -Junkrat
"YOU'RE HISTORY" -Junkrat (Blockbuster)
[Uniflix]

"Chill out" -Mei

"No-one can outsmart HAMMER!" -Reinhardt (Bastardt)

"BYE, BYE, BYE" -Reaper (Grim)
"LEAVE. ME. ALONE." -Reaper
"NORMIES! REEEEEE!" -Reaper

"RRAAAGH" -Winston

"Windows 10: Upgrade in progress" -Zenyatta (Viris)
"Gaze into the blue screen of death" -Zenyatta
